Update devfiles community meeting frequency (#1381)
devfile/api: GOVERNANCE.md

Time zones permitting, Maintainers are expected to participate in the public
developer meeting, which occurs

> Every two weeks, on Monday, at 9am EST ([video call link](https://meet.google.com/trx-vqbw-ekb)).

Reviewer: We should also update the meeting link:
```suggestion
Every two weeks, on Monday, at 9am EST ([video call link](https://meet.google.com/kgx-ttwo-zed)).
```

Reviewer: Prefer the following change: https://github.com/devfile/api/pull/1381#discussion_r1425444544

> Every two weeks, on Monday, at 9am EST ([video call link](https://meet.google.com/trx-vqbw-ekb)).

Reviewer: Actually, it might be better to replace the meeting link with a link to the google group to follow what @elsony said: https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C02SX9E5B55/p1701461002273219

```suggestion
Every two weeks, on Monday, at 9am EST. Please join the [Google group](https://groups.google.com/g/devfiles-community) to get an invite.
```
